Clarifying host ID override when using slots (#104042)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/storage-considerations.md

You can explicitly set a specific host ID for your function app in the application settings by using the `AzureFunctionsWebHost__hostid` setting. For more information, see [AzureFunctionsWebHost__hostid](functions-app-settings.md#azurefunctionswebhost__hostid). 

> When the collision occurs between slots, you need to mark this setting as a sticky slot setting, for all slots, including production slot. To learn how to create app settings, see [Work with application settings](functions-how-to-use-azure-function-app-settings.md#settings).

Reviewer: I think we can make this even more clear: 
```suggestion
When the collision occurs between slots, you must set a specific host ID for each slot, including the production slot. You must also mark these settings as [deployment settings](functions-deployment-slots.md#create-a-deployment-setting) so they don't get swapped. To learn how to create app settings, see [Work with application settings](functions-how-to-use-azure-function-app-settings.md#settings).
```
